+++

author = "Mihir Pathak" 
title = "Week 09/2026" 
date = "2026-03-01" 
description = "weekly notes" 
tags = ["weekly-notes", "Personal"] 

+++

### 2nd to 8th March 2026 (Mon to Sunday)

- most of the weekdays in office 
- two days I had a calls in evening for children lit project

children lit project is draining my energy. Too many coordination with different people. Sharing the expactations, handling thair expactation. I am feeling like I volunteerly choose suffering in this case.
thinking about equation beetween people before asking them to work together, some want proffesonal approch, some need informality to get the work done. You need to be super super secure in your postion. if you are insecure this will become big big emotional toll. 

I am handaling this thing with my other family stuff, fulltime job and other small side projects.
I am not complaining, I am reflecting and learning. Me and B were laughing yesterday that one of the intention of this project was, that we will make new friends but right now we are braeking friendship because of communication gap / expactions gap / our insecurities or insecurities of other person.. 
we were thinking that it is spirtual process where we need to put our ego aside and just work with full involvement , no expactation, no "I" no sense of "doer". 

This whole hindi children lit secen is gate keeped by few orgs, funding orgs and artist. Now I am not feeling great about it. I want to break the gatekeeping thing, make it more democratic, open, accecbale to more people who wants to start regional thing at small scale. There should be support system whcih help new publishers, new writers, new artist to create orignal, culturally rooted work for children. 

I am 30, I am married, my family is dependedent on my income, the social sector is small - everybody is connected, all these things bring insicurity, all this bring fear to do experiments. What if during the creative process, I have fight, what if we will not able to continue the work? what will other people will think about me? what if someone not liking my approch or not matching my pace of work??
there are lots of IFs.. lots of fear which I need to deal..

I am greatful to my team members, my partner to give me some hope, some space 
but I still feel the strong need of support system. if we will not get it, we will create it for us and others. But right now we need to continue. 


- Holi 
- Khojbeen Mandali Registration 