+++

author = "Mihir Pathak" 
title = "Week 13/2026" 
date = "2026-03-29" 
description = "weekly notes" 
tags = ["weekly-notes", "Personal"] 

+++

### 23nd to 29th March 2026 (Mon to Sunday)

- Tech4Good Community is helping us make a website using Ghost. I really liked their approach. I remember my days when I used to build websites for schools and organizations. Let me celebrate this moment. Let me remember how many websites I have made till now:
  - Ashramshala in Dharampur (Wordpress)
  - ARCH, Dharampur (Wordpress)
  - Shishukunj International School, Bhuj (Wordpress)
  - BeMe learning center, BLR (Wix)
  - NT Patel High School, Khambhat (Wix)

Currently I am managing the website for NT Patel High School. I want to take this website out of Wix and make it on Ghost. So we get control over data, freedom from price hikes every year. I want to buy a small server and host it.

Dear friend A is helping us to host Khojbeen Mandali's little website on his org's server. He also helped with Migadu mail IDs for the Khojbeen Mandali team. I am really, really thankful for this. Not just because he gifted this, but showing this camaraderie, trusting us was really valuable for me. Our website will be live in a few days.

----
- We went to Hardik Dave's baithak called 'Piano & Poetry'. I really liked listning to his Piano exploration, good original stuff.
- Pooja is doing logo design for our magazine project. I am very, very excited.
- I went to Nidhi's school to take a session with children. We did a puppet show on an ant story. It was a good experience.
- I had a call with Sajhe Sapne team on 'Fundamentals of facilitation'
- Had a call with S after a long time. I shared about what we are planning to do at KM and she shared some ideas about the app she is working on. It was a refreshing conversation after a long time.

Overall, a productive week. The org I am working at is pivoting from the original plan they had decided. Our team lead left the job. I also need to find something long-term. Yes, this is the same time when I need to apply to different places, need to prove myself and what not... I am now tired of this process.

Right now there are two ideas in my mind:
1. If we get funds/grant, I can do full-time work to build KM
2. If we do not get it, we need to find a job in Gujarat or Bhopal. Bhopal because Nidhi needs to visit her family frequently because of a medical condition. Bhopal is central for me to come back to Gujarat and for her to go to Kanpur.

Sometimes I feel that I want to go for higher studies. Too much adulting is happening. Maybe I can take a break and study something.
Sometimes I feel like going back to BLR. I really miss the culture.

I need to think long-term... please someone help me...
