+++

author = "Mihir Pathak"
title = "Week 25/2026"
date = "2026-06-21"
description = "weekly notes"
tags = ["weekly-notes", "Personal"]

+++

### 15th to 21st June 2026

Hello hello hello hello.

I am writing this weekly note from an event called 'Model City Concil'. It is [Model United Nations](https://www.un.org/en/mun) Inspierd / remixed intervention designed and orgnized by TIDE Foundation with partnership with private schools. 

There are different concils - child labour, climate change, women safety, quality education. 

Young adults from 6 to 10th grade do pre event field work, share there experince, identify problem in first day of the event, second day they work on possible micro actions and present it. Think about local city version of MUN. 

MUN itself is new concept for me. It is interesting but I feel real authantic immersion and real inquiry is missing. it seems just and stimulation of inquiry and problem solving. More focus on presentation and speech. 

it is good expouser for young people to atlest get to know 'information' about problem but I doubt if they are really feeling connected to the problem. Also all the concel / topics are wacked problems they can't be solved and even understand linerly. The whloe approch is crushing my heart. We need gets our hands dirty.. we can not can not do this as an educator.

anyway I will work on it, how can we incrise more immersion instead of just talking and trying to solve things in our mind.

<p align="center">⁂</p>

what elese? week was ok ok. I posted some copies of magazine to different part of Gujarat. We are getting good response. I am not able to give much time and attention to this project because of office work. last few weeks were busy for me. workshops, meeting with Govt officials, partnership coordinations.

when your 'why' is clear your work becomes easy. it becomes flow. [Jwalin's](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=1KN3PO4AAAAJ&hl=en) work gave me really strong **'why'**. It is like 2.0 of my work as an educator to work on 'education for harmony' after exporation of different educational philosophies, nature edu, experiential learning, working with children since last 13 years. This is a new chapter of my work. Now my role is different type of facilitation.

- facilitating partnerships with many orgs in Gujarat and overall India.
- facilitating field staff, educators, interns, and volunteers to take this work to many other children and young adults.
- designing and enhancing the overall program design, and developing new programs.
- find opportunities to pitch our work to different funders / impact investors.
- day to day operations.

basically running the show with 'Trusteeship'. how can I bring ownership, freedom, connection with mission / cause into the culture? that will be a long-term quest.

I will try to bring my all side projects to office connected to the overall vision. Magazine project is one of them. nature centric - multi sensorial - contexul - critical - creative children literture for children age 3 to 10yrs. Which is actually a extension of work I does with young children through nature detective program / nature based learning.

<p align="center">⁂</p>

I was using clude for correcting my spelling and grammar mistakes for weekly note text specifically. But I always felt that clude would change my text's vocabulary and sentence structure and my own writing felt aline to me. I was thinking to shift my writing in Gujarati because of that but then I will lose the readers. (There is not simple offline input tool for Gujarati in linux. I tried versions of iBus but didn't worked for me. I still use chromium / chrome based extention of google input tool or inbuilt feature of google doc / gmail.)

so finally I started searching for offline grammer - spell correction tool which I can run through terminal to work on my markdown file. Workflow will be --> save your markdown file --> run the command and the program will change the text in your file in few seconds. Fully offline. I found one and I am using it now.

**Specs :**

T5 (Text-to-Text Transfer Transformer)

Fine-tuned version: prithivida/grammar_error_correcter_v1.
Base model developed by Google Research.

Fine-tuned by: Prithiviraj Damodaran — an Indian NLP researcher/engineer


<p align="center">⁂</p>

I am looking forward to the new week. Mostly I will spend time developing new partnerships, training, day to day work. some magazine tasks - mostly posting copies to different places, preap for online event.

I am feeling energetic but still tierd from body. need to set my routine and slow down a bit. Need to speed up time on some home tasks so I can support Nidhi. Her job is super demanding. She works from 8.30 to 5.30, with little children. Facilitating, planning and more. It is streach for her.

I had brief call with dear friend srishti. She wants to conduct one research and user study. I need to figure out how can be part of it, how can I manage my time.

I don't know why but, I am feeling a little low today, feels like crying, feels like I am not enough.
I will be ok.

<p align="center">End</p>

