+++

author = "Mihir Pathak" 
title = "Week 12/2026" 
date = "2026-03-22" 
description = "weekly notes" 
tags = ["weekly-notes", "Personal"] 

+++

### 16th to 22nd March 2026 (Mon to Sunday)

It was a busy and stressful week overall. Conflicts, magazine work, office work, home stuff... everywhere negotiating and performing.

- We went to see anime film called 'Hoppers'

- Got membership of the [International Association of Theatre & Performing Arts for Children & Young People](https://assitej-international.org/). Thank you, Nishna, for this. All the Indian members of this group are meeting in Mumbai next month. I am not sure I will be able to join this time, but I will definitely look forward to learning from this group.

- On Saturday, took a session on 'How to be in an interview' for Sajhe Sapne students.

- I had a meeting with S for the 'past project documentation project'. It is picking up slowly.

- Khojbeen Mandali's website is going up soon. [Tech4Good Community](https://www.tech4goodcommunity.com/) is helping us make it using Ghost CMS, which is open source. Dear friend A is helping us with self-hosting.

- Slowly, things are settling down. Magazine work, non-profit registration, website, future work planning...

- A long weekend is coming in the first week of April. I am looking forward to a short trip with Nidhi.

- I am still finding a way to put all my Medium blog posts on my current Hugo site. I tried multiple approaches. Recently, a member from the IndieWeb group shared an idea — I can import all my files to Micro.blog, then download them as Markdown files and upload them to Hugo. Most things worked well. I got stuck when the Hugo theme layout and the downloaded Markdown files have different frontmatter structures. Hugo won't accept it. Now I need to either manually change the layout or use something like Claude Code to automate it.