+++

author = "Mihir Pathak"
title = "Week 21/2026"
date = "2026-05-24"
description = "weekly notes"
tags = ["weekly-notes", "Personal"]

+++

### 18th to 24th May 2026

Last week was mostly juggling between two workplaces. (My last day at the current org is 31st May.) I met Varun for breakfast on Wednesday. We had a discussion about education and the NGO space. I am going to do a workshop at a residential school he is heading in Jashdan village. After meeting him, I went to the TIDE office and had meetings till late evening. Saturday I also went to TIDE - I went with all my setup: monitor, keyboard, mouse. Now I need to submit my office laptop and only the ThinkPad Carbon will be remaining with me. The ThinkPad Carbon's screen is still broken, so I will use it with a monitor at the office. I tried getting the screen replaced but didn't find any local shops here in Ahmedabad that have a screen for this model. I asked the vendor in Bengaluru who provided this laptop - he might find one and send it via courier. Let's hope it gets resolved.

Nidhi had a week off, so she was at home.

Sunday we went to buy new spectacles for me. My current spectacles have too many scratches and the frame isn't fitting right - it has loosened up.

---

### Upcoming Facilitation Gigs

- **26th May 2026** - *'Introduction to Children's Literature and Storytelling for Early Years Children'* with Planet Discovery School - CEE teachers
- **4th, 5th, 6th June 2026** - *'Project Based Learning'* at Varun's school
- **9th June 2026** - *'How Children Learn'* at Shaishav

---

I need to keep switching between a managerial role and a facilitator's role. Sometimes it is difficult, but I will get used to it.