+++ 
author = "Mihir Pathak" 
title = "Week 46 & 47 /2025" 
date = "2025-11-23" 
description = "weekly notes" 
tags = ["weekly-notes", "Personal"] 
+++

### 11th Nov to 23rd Nov 2025 (Tuesday to Sunday, Monday to Sunday)

Days are going super busy on the work front and other stuff. Not getting uninterrupted time to write detailed weekly notes. Here I am putting logs of the last two weeks. Mostly spent time at:

- office working : writing children's stories, puppets, working with children
- Ahmedabad book festival
- Abhivyakti City Art Project

----

11th Nov - office work

12th Nov - office work

13th Nov - office work

14th Nov - Prerna helped make puppets for my work with children at the office and otherwise. I went to her studio to pick them up and did storytelling practice at home.

15th Nov - Nidhi and I went to the Eklavya Publication stall at Ahmedabad book festival. Had dinner with Eklavya friends.

16th Nov - Spent time at the book festival. In the evening, went to watch a play by Kalpesh (Tiny Tales) at Abhivyakti Art Festival. It was based on The Little Prince book.

17th Nov - Started a new theme/pilot project with children at the office. It is on insects. Prepared stories and puppet performance on ants and spiders.

18th Nov - work at office

19th Nov - work at office

20th Nov - Watched a play called 'Life of Lalu' at Abhivyakti City Art Project.

21st Nov - work at office

22nd Nov - Watched a children's play by Gillo Theater Company at Abhivyakti City Art Project.

23rd Nov - Morning spent at Abhivyakti City Art Project's children edition (bal geet, storytelling). Evening watched a play called 'Rasant,' a sci-fi Gujarati play.

---

Abhivyakti is an addiction... This time I had decided that I would go only for drama, but I am feeling FOMO. I want to go for music performances also. I will try.

Anyway, we are going to watch 'Welcome Zindagi' play by Saumya Joshi on 29th Nov.
